README.md, before:

Qron free scheduler
===================

ABOUT
-----

Qron is a free software enterprise scheduler.
See http://qron.eu/ for more information about this software and
for online documentation.

LICENSE
-------

This software is made availlable to you under the terms of the GNU Affero
General Public License version 3, see AGPL-3.0.txt file content.

BUILD INSTRUCTIONS
------------------

This program requires at build time:
* Qt >= 5.6.0 development libs (with QtCore, QtNetwork, QtSql modules)
* graphviz binaries (to compile some documentation diagrams)

In addition, the git repository uses git submodules to handle libqtpf and
libqtssu dependencies, therefore you should use following steps to clone
repository and submodules repositories:

``` bash
git clone git://github.com/g76r/qron.git
cd qron
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

Then one should build dependencies before qron.
This can be done transparently using the top directory qmake project or any
external program such as an IDE like Qt Creator.
For instance, these commands work on linux provided a Qt 5 devkit is installed
and in your PATH:

``` bash
qmake
make
```

CONTRIBUTIONS
-------------

We do not yet accept code contributions, but we accept bug reports and feature
requests. Please feel free to fill in a github's issue (here: https://github.com/g76r/qron/issues) or to contact us by mail (see contact page on our web site:
http://qron.eu/).

Commit message:

linux packaging: fixed and clarifying readmes

README.md, after:

Qron free scheduler
===================

ABOUT
-----

Qron is a free software enterprise scheduler.
See http://qron.eu/ for more information about this software and
for online documentation.

LICENSE
-------

This software is made availlable to you under the terms of the GNU Affero
General Public License version 3, see AGPL-3.0.txt file content.

BUILD INSTRUCTIONS
------------------

This program requires at build time:
* Qt >= 5.6.0 development libs (with QtCore, QtNetwork, QtSql modules)
* graphviz binaries (to compile some documentation diagrams)

In addition, the git repository uses git submodules to handle libqtpf and
libqtssu dependencies, therefore you should use following steps to clone
repository and submodules repositories:

``` bash
git clone git://github.com/g76r/qron.git
cd qron
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

Then one should build dependencies before qron.
This can be done transparently using the top directory qmake project or any
external program such as an IDE like Qt Creator.
For instance, these commands work on linux provided a Qt 5 devkit is installed
and in your PATH:

``` bash
qmake
make
```

When built on Linux, binaries can be found under "linux" directory, with a
README file explaining how to start the daemon.


CONTRIBUTIONS
-------------

We do not yet accept code contributions, but we accept bug reports and feature
requests. Please feel free to fill in a github's issue (here: https://github.com/g76r/qron/issues) or to contact us by mail (see contact page on our web site:
http://qron.eu/).
